Xue Zhilong
You still talk so much
Master, what do we do now? Don't worry.
Just wait, my good news is coming
We've been tricked.
We helped Genting Group clean it up
Are non-performing assets
It's a trap.
They've already set the game
That's not possible.
I have been preparing for so many years
How can I not fight you?
Impossible you say it again hum
I knew you were coming
The master expelled you from the sect
Just because I see your ambition
I know your movements all these years
You think I don't know?
Did you feel that Mr. K taught you anything?
Yeah, that sounds familiar.
That's not possible.
You have been in the building
How can you possibly reach out abroad?
You can learn from abroad
Why can't I reach out abroad?
What does Alex say, you're my twin brother too?
I just wanted to see it.
How big a wave can my brother turn when he goes out?
So many years
You've been spying on me
No no no no
No surveillance.
I just want to know too
What does it look like when my brother goes out?
I didn't expect you to embarrass me
Our property in M country
All were acquired by Genting Group
It's all gone.